dreams your dreams and our dreams
captured in our most powerful
technologically advanced machine
introducing the dream machine designed
by geniuses inspired by dreamers with
over 100 new or improved features only
brother could create a camera like
technology that lets you see a real-time
magnified view of the needle area for
precise needle placement view it on the
industry's largest built-in 10.1 inch HD
LCD display get closer than ever faster
than ever with up to two times the
scanning speed than previous models the
Innova 2 camera technology allows you to
become your own designer with the new my
Design Center convert your handwriting
line art and scanned images to
embroidery stitch data without the use
of a PC or the use of software or import
virtually any JPEG image and convert it
to stitch data with our Auto punch
feature or draw directly on the screen
and see your designs come to life on the
large drawing area use the Innova 2
technology scanning feature to draw or
scan original designs for free motion
quilting effects or use the built in
Auto stippling feature without the use
of a stitch regulator software or a PC
yes you can create Auto stippling or
free motion like quilting at the touch
of a button create those dreams on our
largest workspace ever a dream for any
quilter with the ability to accommodate
a rolled king-sized quilt
while letting the improved laser
guideline marker enhance sensor pen
function and LED pointer make your
dreams a reality
dream bigger as you embroider in our
largest 9.5 by 14 inch embroidery area
more than 38 percent larger than
previous models create more as you
finish projects faster with embroidery
and sewing speeds up to 1050 stitches
per minute
achieve even more precise high quality
embroidery stitching with our most
advanced a cute rack embroidery system
created and used in our multi needle PR
series effortlessly so precise uniform
stitches on a range of fabrics from silk
to denim using our move at digital dual
feed system which feeds fabric from the
top and bottom smoothly combined with
the new included couching foot system to
add cording like techniques to your
projects do you dream in color make the
dream machine your personal designer
choose a thread color palette and the
new pin function ensures your favorite
colors are included in your results and
under the hood our most sophisticated
technology like the innovative Innova
chrome system which indicates thread
color change cues thread breakages and
alerts the dream machine allows you to
create projects you only dreamed of in
the machine you've always wanted all
with the familiar ease you've come to
know and love from brother the dream
machine more dreams come together and
come true
you